
Hooks: 

Hook is nothing but a function which available to extends the core or another module functionality, These are PHP functions that are created for each module when system events happen, e.g. page load or user login 


This can be done without changing code of the existing module, and this can be implemented by any number of modules.

Hook has three major elements 1) Name, 2) Implementation 2) Definition 
1)	Name : - hook_entity_load()
Define a PHP function whose name follows a known pattern, and Drupal will call that function at critical points during the life cycle of a request.

If we observe above function name it has two part’s HOOK, and other part is unique function name. Here while implementing this hook in your module, you need to replace HOOK with your module’s machine name.

For eg. if you have your module say testmodule and you want to implement above hook then you need to define and declare function with testmodule_entity_load() in your .module file. 

As mentioned earlier any number of modules can implements this hook, and the execution priority can be deciding based on weight of module if weight is same for some modules, then it will get decides based on modules alphabet.

Good example given for changes in Hooks system between Drupal 7 and Drupal 8 can be found here in below blog
https://www.anubavam.com/blogs/how-use-hooks-drupal-8-modules-or-themes

Type of hooks,

There are three type of hooks,
1)	Info hooks:
Are invoked when some component in Drupal is gathering a list of information about a particular topic.

Eg: user_toolbar() : Which adds links to the common user account pages to the toolbar.
Drupal 8 and 9 used Plugin system instead of info hooks, there are very fewer info hooks available in drupal 9.

2)	Alter hooks:
These hooks can alter the existing data, A component may first invoke an info hook to gather a list of information, then immediately invoke an alter hook to allow anyone to alter the list that was just created before it's used.
Eg. hook_form_alter() : Allows modules to change the form generated by other modules. And allow our module to modify validate and submit workflow of the form


3)	Action Hooks





 
